Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
Mary plays the piano.
This is a Japanese doll.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
The stranger officiates the meal.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
